# Advanced-Market-Moves-
Getting Started with the Advanced Market Moves 2.0
https://usethinkscript.com/threads/getting-started-with-the-advanced-market-moves-2-0.1795/

This thread is dedicated to giving you a walkthrough of the indicator and how you can set it up for your own usage.

Default settings
Once you imported the script into your ThinkorSwim, this is what it should look like by default.
There are more options/settings included in the script; however, for your convenience and simplicity, I have turned them off by default.

Reversal Arrows
You will see that there are two different type of signals on your chart. Signal 1 and Signal 2.
Signal 1 is based off of the Bollinger Bands
Signal 2 is based off of the MACD

If you wish to turn off either one of the two, you can do so from the indicator's setting. For example, I just want to use the Bollinger Bands signal; then, I would go to the indicator's setting and change the option called macd from "yes" to "no."

Bonus: You may notice in the indicator's setting; there is an option called Old Signal. This is from the older version of Advanced Market Moves. You can enable it and take it for a spin.

Supply and Demand
Turning this option on will highlight potential support and resistance zones generated by the reversal arrows.

Other Settings:
Labels: yes by default. Select no will remove the Advanced Market Moves, Signal 1, and Signal 2 labels.
Limit cloud: Limit the length of the Supply and Demand zones.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
https://usethinkscript.com/threads/understanding-the-amm-2-0-signals.1831/

I was asked by several VIP members to explain how the Advanced Market Moves 2.0 works. I thought it would only be fair to everyone to understand it before risking their hard-earned money. Here is a write up explaining the concept behind the indicator and how the signals get generated.

Introduction to the Arrows
There are three core components in AMM 2.0. The RSI (Relative Strength Index), the Bollinger Bands, and the fast version of the original MACD. If you notice, there are 2 labels on your chart that says "Signal 1" and "Signal 2". The color of the label correspond to the color of the arrow.

Let's talk about Signal 1:
Bullish Signal 1 gets generated when the RSI is Oversold and the candle closes above the lower Bollinger Band
Bearish Signal 1 gets generated when the RSI is Overbought and the candle closes below the upper Bollinger Band
Now, moving on to Signal 2:
Bullish Signal 2 gets generated when the RSI is Oversold and there is a bullish crossover on the MACD
Bearish Signal 2 gets generated when the RSI is Overbought and there is a bearish crossover on the MACD
There is also an option called Old Signal. This uses the same RSI concept but with price crossing above and below the 5 simple moving average.

Trading Strategy
This is the second most asked question. Again, totally fair to ask. This is what I'm here for. You guys want to know the strategy to use, the timeframe to use, etc.

I think the answer would be up to you as the trader, your risk tolerance, and your trading style. Now that you understand how the indicator works, I think it's best that you go through different timeframes and see which one works best for you. The good thing about AMM 2.0 is that it does not repaint. You can easily check the old signals and do backtesting on them.

I personally use AMM 2.0 on the hourly and daily timeframe. As they always say, the bigger the timeframe, the bigger the move. But that does not mean it doesn't work for day trading. Pairing the indicator up with basic Support and Resistance lines will help. That's what I would suggest as well. Looking for potential areas where price may bounce or resist.

There is NO holy grail
I think we must all come to a realization that AMM 2.0 is not the holy grail; nothing is when it comes to trading and indicators.

I recommend everyone to test drive it on different timeframes and develop a strategy around it. Always have a stop loss in place in case the trade doesn't work out. Also, come join our Discord chatroom. Everyone in there is also part of VIP. We can all contribute and help each other out. Here is the link to join: https://discord.gg/HQVZUxB

I hope this thread was useful enough. If you have any feedback or questions, comment down below 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
https://usethinkscript.com/threads/using-the-scanner-with-amm-2-0.1798/
https://youtu.be/b50uOhRhf7A

Using the Scanner with AMM 2.0

The Advanced Market Moves indicator should work with the default ThinkorSwim scanner out of the box. Here is how you can set it up.

Step 1: Click on the Scan tab

Step 2: Remove all the existing scan conditions you have. Then, click on Add filter > Study

Step 3: ThinkorSwim will automatically split out its default scan condition. But we do not want that, so click on the Pencil icon. Select on the Delete button to remove whichever condition that's there.

Step 4: By default, the scanner will use the Daily timeframe. If you wish to use a different timeframe, click on the "D" option and change it to whichever timeframe you want to use. Then, click on the Add Condition button.

Step 5: On the dropdown, click Study > Enter the name of your Advanced Market Moves 2.0 indicator. I named mine "Advanced_Market_Moves".

Step 6: Under Plot, there are several different key IDs. We will only be focusing on the first four.
The first option = Bullish Bollinger Bands Signal
The second option = Bearish Bollinger Bands Signal
The third option = Bullish MACD Signal
The fourth option = Bearish MACD Signal

Step 7: Let's say I want to scan for Bullish Bollinger Bands signal, I will select the first key ID. In the middle column, select is true. In the third column, adjust the lookback period.

Based on that screen, I'm looking for Bullish Bollinger Bands Signal on the Daily chart within the last 5 days. After that, click "Save" and then click "Ok."

Step 8: Click on "Scan in..." to select your watchlist. This can be your own watchlist or ThinkorSwim public watchlist. I picked my own. Now you click "Scan".

Step 9: To prevent yourself from repeating this process every time you want to use the scanner, we are going to save it. You can do this by using the "Save scan query..." option. Give it a name. I named it "Bullish Bollinger Bands Signal".
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Setting Up Alerts for AMM 2.0
https://usethinkscript.com/threads/setting-up-alerts-for-amm-2-0.1827/
https://youtu.be/81MeI41uZ2g
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
